we're back with another video of Dragon
City running out of gems I gotta say I'm
waiting for the VIP pack to come on
because that's the only time I like my
gems you get you get uh who would you
call those you get extra dragon with it
so that's always some good stop
recycling dragon is who we're looking at
today 97 percent off 100 gems since I'm
out of gems we can only get 100 gems oh
boy
it's gonna take a while to hatch isn't
it ok so I probably won't have to come
back when this thing ends which will
take a while unfortunately I'm out of
gem 23 jumps of fast-forward there is no
possible way for me to do that so we'll
be back me in 23 hours or what do you
call it yeah 23 hours because I can't
speed up there there's I have no gems at
all and for each minute of breeding
could we try this should we try this
maybe time challenge oh you have to
speed it up I'll forget that I'm broke
already
yeah we'll be back in 23 hours what our
back everybody 24 hours later on
actually more than 24 hours later let me
go on in here and kind of do this looks
like we didn't find anything which is
really disappointing but we're gonna
continue to rebuild this hopefully we do
it I want it to go on in here
alright we didn't find anything there
either
all right so let's continue on 24 hours
later this is the recycling dry you know
one of the dragons that is available for
you to get through purchases it's only
available through that special pack that
you buy you can't get any other way you
can't breathe it it's a three element
dragon element of Terra water or RC and
nature let's place the dragon into the
habitat and we have some space here and
there it is you notice that it has
really beige kind of color brown horns
recycling symbol right on the chest and
I guess the bin as its back which is
kind of weird
hey we bred some more legendary dragons
Wow
so there it is really nice stuff and
you'll notice the dragon he's shaking
the bin I think that's what he's doing
I'm not sure let me know what you think
he's doing I think he's shaking the bin
his symbol is shaking as well that's a
really strange thing you see when he
shakes the bin the symbol shakes that's
the animation we're gonna move on what
we're gonna do now is try to check out
the next evolution at level 4 there it
is next evolution you notice that he has
two bins now he had one bin before him
you know one bin was like fine now he
has do bins
one of them's blue the other one is
black cymbal recycling bin right on the
chest what else is the horns of course
his horns has gone bigger the hair the
green hair he's still shaking the bin
actually there's a total of four bins if
you look at it correctly I could be
wrong though it looks like there's four
bins there are actually small bins in my
opinion that's my opinion I'm not 100%
sure but I guess his whole anime game
animation is gonna be this been shaking
kinda thing that he's kind of doing
they're shaking alright so that's the
second form as well we're gonna move on
and check out the next evolution here it
is in final form he has more bins
definitely more bins and now you could
definitely make it out there's six bins
there's a really small square bins one
on each side you also notice that he's
doing a sort of animation right there I
don't know what he's doing but he's like
I know he's grabbing something he has
the recycling symbol
he's not shaking it anymore now he's
like I don't know what he's doing he's
like trying to grab something really
heavy bin sigh oh I get it now those are
the garbage bin only the garbage bins
along like that right so I got it ha ha
you notice the horn the horns gotten
bigger but that's pretty much it the
only way you can get it like I was
saying before is through the special
pack perches which is available for a
limited time of course in the future you
could probably get it through the events
that they make available which is not
breeding but through in the event
hopefully you can do that and those are
the only ways you can get this dragon
unfortunately you can't breathe this
dragon there is no possible way for you
to breathe it even if you know that
there's a terror sea and nature element
but there it is the recycling dragon in
Dragon City